Broken link fixes - engine, gems reference, images (#835)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/engine/serialization/json-data-types.md

title: Data types in serialized JSON
---

>  In addition to primitive C++ types that map directly to JSON types, O3DE supports serializing many `AZStd` library objects. JSON output and deserialized objects are entirely deterministic based on the appropriate C++ type. For some more information on how members are registered and how their types are determined through the reflection system, see [JSON serialization](/docs/userguide/programming/serialization/json-serialize-deserialize#serialization).

Reviewer: This seems to point to the right place.

```suggestion
In addition to primitive C++ types that map directly to JSON types, O3DE supports serializing many `AZStd` library objects. JSON output and deserialized objects are entirely deterministic based on the appropriate C++ type. For some more information on how members are registered and how their types are determined through the reflection system, see [JSON serialization](/docs/user-guide/engine/serialization/json-serialize-deserialize/#serialization).
```
